www.engtw.com //ptt related
pttqa.com //ptt related
pttdigit.com //ptt related
myshare.url.com.tw // ptt related
www.cmoney.tw // ptt related
community.htc.com//ptt related
ptt-chat.com//ptt related
pttyes.com//ptt related
ptt-politics.com//ptt related
www.plytic.com//ptt related
ptt.reviews//ptt related
doitwell.app //ptt related
www.engtw.com // ptt related
ptthito.com // ptt related
ganfanren.tw // ptt related
b.bbi.com.tw // ptt related
ptt-life.com // ptt related
webptt.com // ptt related
disp.cc // ptt related
moptt.tw // ptt related
www.ptt.cc // ptt related
pttweb.tw // ptt related
ucptt.com // ptt related
pttcareers.com //ptt related
www.bfptt.cc // ptt related
myptt.cc // ptt related
pttsubject.com // ptt related
itaiwantech.blogspot.com // ptt related
home.gamer.com.tw // 巴哈姆特
104.com // 104
blog.104.com.tw // 104
www.jobforum.tw // 1111
www.1111.com.tw // 
medium.com //medium
www.goodjob.life //goodjob
www.dcard.tw //dcard
facebook //facebook
hackmd.io //hackmd
ptt //ptt related website
interview.tw // 面試趣
github.io //
github.com
salary.tw //比薪水
tw.coderbridge.com //心得
pixnet.net/blog/ // 痞客邦
www.scribd.com //slide
www.slideshare.net //slide
wordpress.com // wordpress
indeed.com //求職網
www.518.com.tw //求職網
glints.com
www.businesstoday.com.tw //今周刊
jecho.me//求職網
popdaily.com.tw
www.storm.mg // 風傳媒
ithome.com.tw
today.line.me // line today
www.1111transfer.com.tw
www.youtube.com
vocus.cc
www.blink.com.tw
udn.com // 新聞
popdaily
www.inside.com.tw // 專欄
buzzorange.com //專欄
www.cakeresume.com // 專欄
column.meet.jobs //
www.cheers.com.tw // 專欄
crossing.cw.com.tw //專欄
www.bnext.com.tw //專欄
chinese.engadget.com // 專欄
kknews.cc //心得,每日頭條
read01 //
qollie.com //分享論壇(免費)
www.gvm.com.tw // 專欄
www.managertoday.com.tw // 專欄
cbook.tw // 專欄
www.businesstoday.com.tw // 專欄
blog.starrocket.io // 專欄
dishtsai.com //
bettywutalk.com
businessweekly // 專欄
www.letsgoget.info // 分享論壇(付費)
www.1point3acres.com // 分享論壇
blog.dcplus.com.tw // 專欄
tw.alphacamp.co // 專欄
www.yourator.co // 求職網
meet.job // 求職網
tee.com.tw //專欄
thenewslens.com // 專欄
mobile01.com //分享論壇
instagram.com
blog.csdn.net
blog.xuite.net //有好有壞